Spring has come. The ice melted in the pond. The frog mother has slept for a winter. She crawled out of the mud hole, jumped into the pond with a splash, and gave birth to a lot of dark round eggs on the water plants.

The pond water was getting warmer and warmer. The frog's egg slowly moved, became a group of tadpoles, they swam in the water, very happy.

One day, mother duck with her children swam in the pond. The small tadpoles saw little ducks following their mom to row to paddle in the water, then, they thought of their mother. Tadpoles you ask me, I ask you, but no one knew where their mother was.

They swam to the mother duck together and asked: "Mother duck, have you seen our mother? Please tell us, what is our mother?" 

Mother duck replied: "I have seen her. Your mom head has two big eyes. You find yourself."

"Thank you, mother duck!" Small tadpoles swim cheerfully.

A big fish swam over. Seeing two big eyes on her head, they thought she must be their mother, and cried catch up: "Mother! Mother!" Fish said with smile: "I am not your mom. Your mother has four legs, come to the front to look for her."

"Thank you! Fish mother!" Small tadpoles swam again.

A big turtle swam. Tadpole saw big turtle has four legs, and caught up, shouted:"Mother! mother!" 
Big turtle said with smile: "I am not your mom. Your mom's belly is white, come to the front to look for her."

The tadpoles thanked the turtle for moving forward.

A big goose sang and swam up. Small tadpoles saw goose's white belly, thought happily: this time can really found mom, and caught up with Shouting: "Mother! mother!"

Goose said with smile: "small tadpoles, you are wrong. I am not your mom. Your mom wears green clothes, come to the front to look for her."

The tadpoles thanked mother goose and continued to swim.

Small tadpoles swam and swam, swam to the pond, saw a frog sat round the lotus leaf. They swam quickly, quietly asked: "Do you, you saw our mother? She has two big eyes and overhead, has four legs, white belly, and wear green clothes."

The frog smiled and said: "Silly child, I am your mother!"

Small tadpoles heard and wagged their tails, said: "Oddness! oddness! Why don't we look the same as you?"

The frog mother smiled and said: "You're small. When you grow up, you'll be like mom."

The tadpoles said happily: "Ah! We find mom! We find mom! Good mother, mother, please come to here quickly!"

The frog mother jumped into the water with a splash and went on a trip with her children.
